Add current limit (#10270)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/trusted-organizations-external-meetings-chat.md

> [!NOTE]
> People from blocked domains can still join meetings anonymously if anonymous access is allowed. To learn more, see [Manage anonymous participant access to Teams meetings](anonymous-users-in-meetings.md).
> 

> > Current limit for allow or block specific domains list is 4000 domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The current limit for an allow or block specific domains list is 4,000 domains.
```
